[OSDOCS-8072] OCP content port to ROSA and OSD: Virtualization (#68906)
openshift/openshift-docs: virt/virtual_machines/creating_vms_rh/virt-creating-vms-from-instance-types.adoc

You can create virtual machines (VMs) from instance types by using the {product-title} web console.

ifdef::openshift-rosa,openshift-dedicated[]
[NOTE]
====

> {VirtProductName} 4.15 and higher is supported for use on {product-title} clusters. Because {VirtProductName} 4.14 is a Technology Preview feature, is not supported for use on {product-title} clusters

Reviewer: Is this statement meant to be about instance types? 

```suggestion
Instance types are supported for use on {product-title} clusters running {VirtProductName} 4.15 or later.
```
